#### ESL Podcast 494 - Types of Story Endings

**to head toward** - to advance or progress toward something; to go in a particular
direction

> The cars driving on this road usually slow down as they head toward the
dangerous turns.

**tragic** - related to a book, story, or song that has a very sad and unhappy
ending, often where people die

> Libby cried when she read the book's tragic ending.

**twist** - an unexpected change; something that happens suddenly and that
changes the direction of a story

> The book is full of many interesting twists, so the ending was a big surprise.

**satisfying** - something that makes one feel good because it fulfills one's
expectations; something that leaves one feeling full or complete

> On a cold winter day, beef stew is a satisfying meal.

**sappy** - too emotional; so emotional that something seems silly

> Becca loves watching sappy romances, but her husband prefers action films.

**disaster movie** - a movie about big natural disasters (earthquakes, volcanoes,
etc.) or the end of the world

> Last week, I watched a disaster movie about a horrible disease, and now I can't
stop thinking about it every time I hear someone cough!

**catastrophic** - disastrous; very bad, with a lot of suffering and death; terrible

> The civil war has had catastrophic consequences for the people who live in that
country.

**realistic** - showing the world as it really is, without imagination; showing
something how it actually is instead of how one would like it to be

> He wants to be a millionaire, but that's not very realistic, considering how
quickly he spends money.

**happily ever after** - the way that most children's stories end, with everyone
feeling happy and without any problems

> The prince saved the princess from the evil dragon, and they all lived happily
ever after.

**series finale** - the last show in a series (a group of shows with the same
characters, where each show is another part of a long story)

> Did you see the series finale of Seinfeld, where all the characters ended up in
jail?

**cliffhanger** - a chapter, show, or movie that seems to be incomplete and leaves
people wondering what will happen next

> This week's show ended with a real cliffhanger. I can't wait to see the next
episode!

**resolved** - complete; finished; decided

> Can you believe that their disagreement still hasn't been resolved? It looks like
they'll continue arguing forever.

**to leave (someone) hanging** - to do or say something that makes other people
want to have more information or know what will happen next

> Aren't you going to tell us about your date with Tina's brother? Please don't
leave us hanging! We want to hear all about it.

**to stay true to (something)** - to remain consistent with something; to not
change one's behavior or actions; to do what one has always done

> Gavin stayed true to his beliefs and refused to drink alcohol even though all his
friends were doing it.

**spirit** - the group of ideas, opinions, actions, and beliefs that characterize a
person or thing

> Even though the economy isn't doing well, the spirit of the company hasn't
changed.

**dark** - dealing with negative, evil, secretive, or mysterious things

> He has a dark sense of humor that many people don't understand.

**sequel** - a show or movie that is a continuation of another show or movie; part
two

> How many sequels are there to the movie Rocky?

**either way** - a phrase used to refer to two options at once, where only one of
them will happen

> We can go to a restaurant or eat something at home. Either way, it will be nice
to have dinner with you.

