#### ESL Podcast 944 - Working as an Intern

**exactly** - precisely; fully meeting a definition; just so

> Exercise isn't exactly enjoyable, but I know it's good for me, so I keep doing it.

**internship** - a temporary position with a business or organization, usually
unpaid, performed by a student or a recent graduate to get more experience in a
field or industry

> All business students in this program are require to complete a two-month
internship with a local business during the summer after their first year.

**lackey** - servant; a person who performs basic tasks for another person

> Does Sheila really pick up her boss's dry cleaning? She's such a lackey!

**pittance** - a very small amount of money; almost nothing

> This would be the perfect job if it paid more than a pittance.

**scut work** - boring, repetitive work that is not challenging

> Bryan has been looking for a job for more than one year, and at this point he
would accept anything, even scut work.

**on-the-job experience** - professional experience obtained while performing job
duties, not by studying

> This job provides a lot of on-the-job experience, so even if you've never used
the software before, you'll be an expert by the end of the first six months.

**to fetch** - to retrieve; to get something and bring it back; to bring from
somewhere

> Kyle is trying to teach his dog to fetch his slippers and the newspaper.

**to run errands** - to perform a lot of tasks that require going to many different
place

> Phuong spent all afternoon running errands at the bank, the pharmacy, the dry
cleaners, the library, and the grocery store.

**yippee** - hooray; a phrase used to show excitement and joy, sometimes used
sarcastically

> It's going to be sunny tomorrow! Yipee!

**slave labor** - work performed by people who are not paid for their work, and who
work because they do not have a choice

> Slave labor was responsible for much of the economic growth of the early
United States, particularly in the south.

**to shadow** - to follow a person around, observing what he or she is doing as a
way to learn from those experiences

> Our program tries to get your girls more interested in science by having them
shadow professional female scientists for a day.

**to sit in on** - to attend a meeting or event, but mostly as an observer, without
actively participating

> Geoff is hoping to sit in on the product development meeting and get some
ideas for his own invention.

**mentor** - a person who provides professional guidance and advice to a younger,
less experienced individual who hopes to have a similar career in the future

> The university tries to pair students up with mentors from the local business
community.

**diddly-squat** - little or nothing

> That conference was such a waste of time! We didn't learn diddly-squat.

**menial** - unimportant, not challenging, and not requiring special skills

> Why don't you hire an assistant to do all of the menial tasks, so you can focus
on making the important decisions?

**unpaid** - without receiving payment for one's work; with volunteer labor

> These volunteer projects are unpaid, but they're really great to list on your
resume.

**racket** - an unethical or illegal way to make money; a scam

> If you get an email asking you to help make an international bank transfer in
exchange for a percentage of the amount, don't believe it. It's a racket.

